♪♪
(Juliette)
This summer started off crazy
because when Jared
came back from the Navy,
he brought the war home
with him.
(overlapping shouting)
(Jared)
He jumped on me and threw me
down the (bleep) stairs.
(Juliette)
It was a stupid fight,
but now no one's backing down.
(Jared)
I'm not gonna bow down
and treat Alex and Pauly
like they're
some sort of gods.
Some people do
and it's pathetic.
(Juliette)
Kelsey came home from LA
to her own fight
because when she left town,
she totally ditched Garrett
for another guy.
You got a new boyfriend?
It just wasn't working
between you and I
and we both know it.
Yeah, that's what it was.
I make mistakes.
Let it go.
I'm trying to.
(Juliette)
I'm pretty sure Garrett wishes
she'd never come back at all.
I'm gonna miss you.
(Juliette)
But it's not like
Madisson's love life
wasn't every bit as messy.
I'm sick of being
the one who's chasing Ben.
(Juliette)
That girl lets guys
walk all over her.
And then there's Chloe,
who wants to walk all over me.
She was trying to be
such good friends with me
just to get with Alex.
Ever since Chloe
introduced you to Alex,
she's been jealous of you.
Stop!
Don't push me, honey.
(Juliette)
And it turns out
there's a reason
she hates me
being with Alex.
Chloe told me that
she's in love with me.
(Juliette)
Secret's out, Coco.
♪♪
♪ I had a dream
or was it real? ♪
♪ We crossed
the line and it was on ♪
♪ We crossed the line ♪
♪ It was on this time
ah-ah-ah ♪
♪ I wanna cut through the
clouds, break the ceiling ♪
♪ I wanna dance on the roof ♪
♪ You and me alone ♪
♪ I wanna cut
to the feeling, oh, yeah ♪
♪ I wanna cut to
the feeling ♪
♪ I wanna cut
to the feeling ♪♪
♪ You always talking
'bout your ex keep lying ♪
Oh, my God, there you are.
Oh, my God, okay, finally.
I've been waiting.
Coffee first.
Conversation now.
I have so much to tell you.
All right, spill.
What was so important
that you could not
tell me over the phone?
Okay, so Alex
and I were talking.
We were talking
about how Chloe's
been acting so mean,
why she's bringing Cara
around, all that stuff,
and he's like, "Well,
there's something
I have to tell you."
Oh, no.
He says Chloe's
in love with him.
What?
I was like, wait.
That's why she's
bringing Cara around.
Damn! Do you think
she's, like, trying
to break you guys up
so she can be the shoulder
to cry on for Alex?
She doesn't like when
he's in a relationship.
This explains everything.
I know she's going
to Brandon's party,
so I'm gonna have to
talk to her
about it there, I guess.
Do you think she's
gonna bring Cara?
Definitely.
♪♪
I don't really care if
they have an opinion whether
I bring you or not.
You're my friend,
and at this point,
I apparently don't have
any other friends, so...
I got you. Don't worry.
I also secretly love
to, like, mess with
Alex's head a little bit.
It's, like, so obvious
that he still has
a thing for me.
That's obviously why she's
so intimidated by you.
(Juliette)
I'm not really
threatened by Chloe.
Like, I'm not, like,
worried she's gonna
try to, like, steal him.
No.
It's when she brings
around girls like Cara,
I'm like, what the heck?
Like, they used to
be a thing or
whatever they were.
Cara has always been
Alex's weakness,
so that's what makes me
very skeptical about
her coming around.
Have you seen the way
she looks at him, too?
Yeah.
She, like, has this
weird look on her face
every time she looks
over at him.
He does it too.
He does.
Every time she's around,
his eyes are on her.
Yeah.
And that's not cool.
♪♪
Well, on a lighter note,
Alex is planning a trip
to Miami this weekend
for my graduating
junior year.
That's an extravagant gift.
You're obviously
coming, so...
No Chloe, right?
No. Absolutely not.
She's not coming.
(Chloe)
I heard they're
all going to Miami.
I think Alex isn't
gonna invite me
'cause he doesn't want
to deal with Juliette
bitching at him,
which, I get that.
You really don't think
you're gonna get invited?
I don't know.
I'm sure Juliette's
still on her high horse,
being like,
"We're going to Miami."
She's obsessed with
that Kompo lifestyle.
It's embarrassing.
Yeah.
If it weren't for
his money, like, they
would not be together.
♪♪
(Gary)
This is my latest
purchase. What do you
think? Three stories.
Right downtown?
Yeah, look at this.
This is gonna be
your office one day.
Damn.
You know, you've been
working all hard all year,
so I figured I'd give you
a little more motivation.
This is sweet.
You go to school,
you get good grades,
you finished your
first year in law school.
Two to three years,
you should be ready to
roll in this place.
That's crazy.
This is so nice. Like...
Well, anyway, I just
wanted to show it to you.
I got another little
surprise for you
I think you'll be
very happy with.
(Alex)
Where are we going?
Over here.
Oh!
♪ Give me that money
give-give-give me that money ♪
(Alex)
Car shopping?
(Gary)
Car shopping.
This is the one they
told me you like.
Is that right?
I don't want to
buy the wrong one.
Oh, my gosh!
Are you serious
right now?
(salesman)
Good afternoon, gentlemen.
This is the 2018
Bentley Bentayga.
This is the fastest,
most luxurious SUV on the road.
This is baller.
(laughs)
All right,
where do we sign?
All right, let's take it
for a test run.
Ooh!
(engine purring)
♪ Haters hate to see me in it
windows tinted ♪
♪ Wheels stay spinnin' ♪
(Gary)
Okay, okay, watch out.
Go to the left,
will you, please?
I know how to drive.
Yeah, I know,
but this is
an expensive car.
It's a quarter
million dollars.
I said, you do your work,
you do good in school,
and I'll reward you for it,
and here's your reward.
Well, that's what I've always
wanted is to just try to be
the best I can possibly be.
This summer has been
a little distracting.
You still fighting
with Juliette?
Yeah.
What does she yell
at you about?
A lot of it has to do
with jealousy.
You know, I've hooked up with
a lot of girls in this town,
so, like, if one just
shows up to the bar,
it pisses her off.
That's the type of immature
behavior I'm, like...
Well, she's not your age.
She's younger
than you, right?
I know.
What are you thinking
about this one?
I see her potentially
being the one.
I mean, I am 23,
and by the time I'm
done with law school,
I'll be 25, 26,
taking the bar,
and if she's still there
when that time comes,
then it probably is the one.
Well, remember,
your school's first,
so I would take it slow.
There's no reason
while you're in college
to be with somebody
and be really
emotionally involved.
You know, you don't
need that pressure.
♪♪
So, just like have you
go lay that down so
when she comes in,
like, we have, like,
a reference for her.
Yeah.
(Juliette)
Not everyone in Siesta Key
gets everything handed to them
on a silver platter.
Yo, yo, yo, yo, yo.
(Juliette)
Some of us have to
work for it, like Brandon,
and all of his hard work
is finally paying off
with bigger gigs
and better money.
(Brandon)
My manager told me
if I just keep this up,
I could go on tour
by the end of the year.
(laughter)
(Juliette)
Naturally, he's dating
a total groupie.
I want to know
how you guys met.
We exchanged Snapchat.
Did you sleep together
on the first date?
(Juliette)
But we all know
his history with women.
(Brandon)
I went home
with another girl.
You went home with a girl
and you slept with her?
(Juliette)
So who knows if this current
relationship is gonna last?
I got a new song that
I want, like, a singer on.
I'm using Alana.
Have you ever seen
Alana perform?
I've actually checked out
a couple of her performances
and, like, I've heard her
range and I've heard, like,
where she could take,
like, the note.
I've been, like, wanting to
work with Alana for a while
and now that, like, she,
like, responded back to me,
and, like, she was willing
to take on the song with me,
I was like,
let's go do it.
You know, I think it's
really gonna help, man.
Us doing much together is
gonna really add to my brand.
It's gonna add to
my stage presence when
we do shows together.
It's definitely gonna
take you to that,
like, that next level.
♪ Dum dum dah dah dah dum ♪
♪ Dum dum dah dah hey ♪
♪ Dum dum dah dah ♪
♪ And I know that you know
you're in my head like... ♪
How's everything?
It's good. How about you?
It's going good.
Better that you
just got here.
(laughs)
That's it.
So, you ready for it?
Absolutely, yeah.
Do you, like, live
in Siesta Key, actually?
Yeah, I do. I've been
here for, like, 14 years.
Yeah, that's a while, yeah.
Yeah, and, like, I guess
your dad and my dad
had ran into each other,
like, years ago at a
family friend's house.
Yeah.
I'm like, that's just
so crazy.
I didn't even know that.
I know. I was like, what?
That's crazy.
(E.J.)
I got it all set up
for you guys.
You got it ready to go?
Let's hit it.
Yeah.
We need your best
singing, Alana.
Oh, I got it.
Okay!
(Brandon)
All right, E.J.,
you ready?
♪ Ooh ooh ooh mm mm ♪
♪ Yeah I'll make it
worth your time ♪
♪ Boy you know
that I want you ♪
♪ Don't want to feel
like an option ♪
♪ I know you got
trust issues ♪
♪ So you don't trust
the process ♪
♪ Try to give me
something new ♪
(both)
♪ Feel like
the feelings fade ♪
Oh, okay!
(laughs)
♪ Do you want this
or this all in my head? ♪
♪ Heaven on fire ♪
♪ What ya feeling
inside? ♪
♪ Are you feeling it
are you feeling it ♪
♪ Are you feeling
what I feel? ♪
(laughs)
♪ Are you feeling it
are you feeling it ♪
♪ Are you feeling
what I feel? ♪
Awesome. Yeah.
It sounded good, right?
♪ Money over everything
money over everything ♪
♪ Yeah this is how we do it ♪
♪ Money over everything ♪
Ooh, wow!
♪ Need it for my whole crew ♪
(Juliette)
Dating the richest guy
in Siesta Key is fun
but it isn't always easy.
Imagine dating a guy
whose third car cost
more than your parents' house.
♪ Money over everything ♪
You're so lucky
to get a car like this.
Most adults never
get a car like this.
I hope you really
appreciate everything
you've been given and...
I definitely do, yeah.
For me, it's like
really motivational
that, like, I'm guaranteed
every time I get in it,
it's just gonna make me want
to work harder in life, so...
Yeah, exactly.
You look tired.
Like, what have you
been doing all day?
Oh, I've been signing up
for classes all day.
There's just a bunch
of stuff that I need
to make sure I take
and not waste my time,
you know, so...
Sure.
So, what are your plans
after you graduate?
What do you want to do?
I don't know. I kind of
am looking into maybe
owning a Pure Barre,
managing one,
just having my own business.
It's not easy, running
your own business
at such a young age.
Like, I'm trying to be
realistic here.
That's not realistic.
Like, there's...
I mean, I think that's
pretty realistic.
What, you think I couldn't
own my own business?
No, I think you can.
I'm just saying, like,
there's a lot of things
that go into it.
I mean, I would put in
the work to do it.
I don't know why
you're doubting me.
It's like, I don't
want to see you fail.
I think you need
to remember that
you have things a lot easier
than the rest of us.
Yes, I've been given
a lot of things,
but at least
I'm not stingy.
I'm super generous.
I take you wherever
you want to go.
(sighs)
I know you're generous.
I know, I'm sorry. I just...
I'm just really annoyed
about the whole Chloe thing.
Then, Brandon's party's
coming up.
I'm probably gonna
confront Chloe
about her being
in love with you.
Just don't make her
feel too bad...
I just feel--
'cause she was, like,
really embarrassed
about that whole thing.
Every time you start
to get serious with a girl,
she starts to hate
that girl.
So, clearly it's because
she still has feelings
for you, then, right?
'Cause what... what else...
what else would be the reason?
But she could also go in,
like, Chloe defense mode
and that can get
really ugly quick, so...
Well, be prepared
for that.
♪♪
(Juliette)
Coming up...
I was planning on
heading down the beach
if you're possibly
interested in going.
(Pauly)
She's doing exactly what
she did to Garrett
to her new boyfriend.
♪ I get a little bit nervous
around you ♪
♪ Get a little bit stressed out
when I think about you ♪
♪ Get a little excited
baby when I think about you ♪
I can't believe
you're here.
I told you I'd be back.
(Juliette)
Madisson and Ben have been on
and off casual since college
and now they're doing
the long-distance thing,
which has to suck.
Little does Ben know
Madisson's old hookup
Jared is back in town.
Would you want to
go out sometime?
I don't know.
You don't know?
(Juliette)
So it's safe to say that Ben
has some competition.
(Ben)
What have you been up to
since I left?
You missed Alex's party.
Yeah, I know.
It looked fun.
It was really fun,
but there was, like,
this huge fight
that broke out
between Alex
and this kid Jared.
Okay. Who's Jared?
Like, I knew him
in high school.
Okay.
And he and Alex, like,
always had this beef
'cause they always, like,
kind of were into
the same girls, and, um,
I dated Jared
for a little bit.
Like, when I saw him again,
he asked me out.
Am I gonna have
problems with him?
No. No. He's, like,
a really nice guy
and I'm not really,
like,
into him at all,
so you'll be fine.
All right,
I can deal with that.
I'm really glad that
you kept your promise
and you came and...
that means a lot.
Yeah. It does suck
being 1,000 miles away.
Yeah.
But for right now,
I'm very open to the idea
of coming down here
and making trips...
Okay.
...all the time.
I guess my thing is just
when we're together...
it feels like
we're together.
I think that's,
like, super true.
Like, whenever we're
together, I'm always like,
I treat you like a girlfriend
and part of me is nervous
that I could,
like, ruin,
like however we are.
Yeah.
♪♪
♪ ...My heart beats
I'm wondering if you... ♪
♪ Feel that we're the same ♪
Okay.
♪ The same as me ♪
♪ People say
that I'm a rock star ♪
(Brandon)
Hey, Dad!
Yo!
Did you happen to find
any '70s style clothes
for the party?
Yes, I did find some.
"Saturday Night Fever"
clothing, baby. Here we go.
♪♪
You are so groovy.
I love theme parties.
It's so fun.
I know you like theme...
Brandon's parties
are always fun.
I know.
(Juliette)
Considering how the last party
on the Key ended...
(overlapping shouting)
...who knows what to expect
at Brandon's birthday?
You think Jared
is gonna be there?
I'm sure he'll be there.
I mean, whatever.
(Amanda)
Are you nervous
about seeing Alex?
I mean, I honestly
don't even...
I don't even
want to talk to him.
I'm just gonna focus more
on just having a good time,
drinking,
talking to people.
Uhh! I'm gonna
have to see Chloe.
And she's gonna
bring Cara.
(Cara)
Well, we can have
a good time.
(Chloe)
Yeah, it's nice
to have someone
where they all hate
the same two people.
Yeah.
(both laugh)
(Garrett)
Who all's gonna be here?
Man, just about
everybody you know, bro.
And then, I haven't
told you about Alana yet,
this girl I've been
working with.
No.
No? And she's just like,
a beautiful girl.
Like, she has
a beautiful voice.
Like, honestly got
everything going for her.
A real-life local
Beyoncé or something.
Damn near about.
How is Camilla
dealing with you
working with obviously
a very pretty girl?
♪♪
♪ Move that body right
let it flow ♪
♪ Red light green light
ready set go ♪
♪ Feel the fire
bring the heat ♪
Oh, damn,
there goes the gang.
Happy birthday, buddy.
Hi, happy birthday.
You guys are matching
necklaces.
How cute!
(laughs)
Hello!
23 in the '70s.
(all cheering)
I honestly really like
Chloe's outfit.
Do you?
Yeah, I think it's cute.
I just don't like her.
No, me, neither.
Okay, good!
So we're on the same page.
(both laugh)
(Chloe)
They're talking about me.
They're not even
that far away.
Like, are they
that dumb
that they're just
gonna keep going?
Nothing else
to talk about.
Who cares?
Don't think about it.
Oh, what up,
Jared, homie?
How you doing, man?
Yo, what up, bro?
♪♪
Hey, Alex.
I knew I was gonna bump
into you one way or another.
And I figured
I'd see you tonight.
Oh, my God, they're
talking right now.
Who?
Alex and Jared.
I just want you
to know, like...
it was a little weird
seeing you at my party,
but, like...
Yeah.
I mean, like, we have
the same friends.
Like, if someone walked
up into my house,
the last thing I'm gonna do
is go start (bleep) with them.
That's not how you treat
a guest in your party.
But, like,
it was my party,
and, like, we've had our past.
You know, me and my cousin
might have taken it
a little too far.
Yeah.
Not trying to go back
to (bleep) eighth,
ninth grade again,
you know.
That's not my rule.
You can own up
to what you did,
I can own up to what I did,
and we can be all right.
Like, dude, I'm not
in here trying to take
anything from you.
All I'm trying to do
is enjoy my summer.
I mean, we're
at Brandon's party.
We clearly have
mutual friends.
So we're gonna have
to see each other,
so it can either be
like this, or, you know,
we can go back to
that place, which I...
Exactly. I don't think
any of us wanna be there.
I'd rather just play it cool.
That's pointless.
Yeah, neither of us are gonna
get anything out of that.
All right, well, man,
cheers to that.
Cheers.
Cheers to Brandon!
Cheers!
(overlapping chatter
and cheering)
♪ Another night out ♪
Cheers.
Didn't expect
to see you tonight.
It's good to see you.
Yeah, well, like,
Madisson convinced me
to fly down here
for the weekend.
Does that mean you're
actually together,
or does that just mean...
Uh, no, you're not to--
Like, we're not like
together-together, no.
But why are you asking?
Why do you think?
I'm...
(chuckling)
On that note...
I might go and check in
on Madisson.
Probably a good idea.
Yeah.
Okay, that pizza
looks too good.
(laughing)
I want a bite.
I'm starving.
(both laughing)
Well, you're looking
beautiful, as always.
Thank you.
(Garrett)
How are you?
Talk to me,
I need friends.
(chuckling)
Yeah.
I know, I'm alone
over here.
How's your night going?
I don't know it's fine.
A little uncomfortable.
It's very hard to, like--
like, to get in...
to, like, your all's
fun group.
With everybody?
Yeah. Are you...
talking to anybody?
I'm not.
No?
I'm single
and ready to mingle.
As... are you?
That's pretty
straightforward.
I am.
(both laughing)
So, how are things with
the whole boyfriend going?
Is he in town or...
No, he's not here.
He's in Arizona,
making it work.
All right.
What do you mean,
all right?
I've done done dist--
I mean, it didn't
work for me, but...
So you're against it?
Uh, definitely.
Definitely against it.
I was planning on heading
down to the beach,
if you're possibly
interested in going.
I'm down.
A little late night
beach swim, yeah.
It's close.
After you.
Let's do it.
♪ It's my time ♪
(Brandon)
Oh, hey, here comes Alana.
Hey...
What's up?
What's up, Alana?
How are you?
How you doing?
Happy birthday.
Thank you so much.
♪ So get out of my way ♪
We, like, killed it
in the studio the other day.
I know, it was so good.
And, like, we vibe
so well together,
so I feel like we
compliment each other.
Yeah, and happy birthday.
Of course. Thank you.
23, right?
Yeah, I know.
So, like, do you
have a girlfriend?
Oh, no, it's
still new, you know.
Mm-hmm.
Like, I just started
like dating her
and, like,
seeing where it goes.
And, like, you know,
it's just like relationships
are a lot of responsibility.
Right.
You would know, right?
Like--
No, I wouldn't.
No, you're single?
Oh, yeah, I've never
been in a relationship.
Ever?
Never.
Hey, babe.
What's up, baby?
How you doing?
Good, how are you?
I want to
introduce you to Alana.
Alana, this is
my girlfriend Camilla.
Alana, nice to meet you.
Nice to meet you.
Been wanting to introduce
you guys.
It's the singer
I've been working with.
♪♪
You having a good time?
Yeah, I'm having
a good time.
I couldn't find you,
so...
I'm here.
So... if you're single,
ready to mingle,
and I'm single,
I mean, we should definitely
exchange numbers and...
before I make too much
more of a fool of myself.
Yes.
Awesome.
Okay, so you
have my phone number.
I'm expecting a text.
♪ Possibilities ♪
♪ I look like all you need ♪
♪♪
(all)
♪ Happy birthday to you ♪
♪ I look like
all you need ♪
♪ One kiss
is all it takes ♪
♪ To fall in love with me ♪
(cheering and applause)
♪ Possibilities ♪
♪ I look like all you need ♪
♪♪
♪ I just wanna
feel your skin on mine ♪
Aagh!
Yes!
(laughing)
Yeah! Is it?
(laughter)
♪ Passion in the message
when you smile ♪
Come on.
Are there sharks and (bleep)?
♪ One kiss
is all it takes ♪
(laughing)
Oh, you don't
wanna go in?
(laughing)
No, I don't!
Why not?
(laughing)
♪ One kiss
is all it takes ♪
♪ Falling in love with me ♪
♪ Possibilities,
one kiss is all it takes ♪♪
If I wanna bring
my friend Cara around, sorry.
I don't owe you anything.
Cara's shady, and from
what I was told,
apparently you're
in love with Alex.
♪♪
It's weird that it's like,
been a full year
since your last birthday.
Since I--
A lot can change
in a year, right?
(Juliette)
Okay, enough is enough.
If I don't talk
to Chloe now...
Hi!
...it's never going to happen.
Can I talk to you
for a minute?
Sure, of course you can.
(Juliette)
Wish me luck.
I think you're aware that
you bringing Cara around
is very hurtful to me.
If I wanna bring
my friend Cara around
and it upsets you,
sorry.
I don't owe you anything.
Think-- think about
my position.
Put yourself in my shoes.
Then you should have problems
with multiple girls--
See, you're not putting--
you're not putting yourself
in my shoes.
I don't get it.
Like, I don't ge--
'Cause Cara's shady,
and from what I was told,
apparently you're
in love with Alex.
What?
You're insane.
That's not true at all.
I didn't start that rumor.
Oh, really?
Who did?
Yeah, really.
Um, the person who knows
for a fact that it was true.
(Chloe)
Oh, okay, Juliette.
You will do seriously
whatever it takes to make
my friendship with Cara
seem illegitimate.
But at the end of the day,
you're just really insecure
about your relationship
with Alex, and you know it.
I just want you to know
that you're welcome
for me bringing you
around this group.
Just remember, honey,
you wouldn't have
any of this lifestyle
if it wasn't for me.
Watch your back.
♪♪
♪ Hey, might as well
give 'em something ♪
♪ Might as well give 'em
something to talk about ♪
♪ I don't really care
if they wanna stare... ♪
(Juliette)
Garrett and I had a thing
for a hot second
last year.
And I'm sure the way we ended
hurt him more than me.
What's going on?
I'm talkin'
to my old friend.
We're just catching up.
I just don't want there to be
any hard feelings between us.
I don't think there's gonna
be any feelings between us.
(Juliette)
The fact that he's going on
a date with Cara...
(Garrett)
How's it going?
(Juliette)
That just smells like
revenge to me.
You look beautiful.
Thank you.
Yep, got us
our tickets already
Oh, yay, I'm so excited.
So here you go.
♪♪
I know we talked at like,
Brandon's party.
Yeah.
Nobody has really
kinda like,
welcomed you too much.
I know.
Yeah, it's really
like, awkward.
Well, I think I can
definitely help out with that.
Thank you.
'Cause I'm neutral
with everybody, so...
Right, yeah,
that'd be great.
♪♪
Yeah, don't they die
if you touch them?
I heard that.
Like, if you touch
one part of it,
the whole thing dies?
Really?
I learned that
in Australia.
Yeah, it's sad.
You went to Australia?
Yeah, I'm big on travel.
I've always wanted
to go there.
♪ But they gonna say what they
wanna say anyway... ♪
Oh, look, photo booth.
You wanna do it?
(laughing)
No.
Let's do it.
Eww, why does my face
look so fat?
♪ Something to talk about ♪
♪♪
That's a cool bracelet.
A little Buddha head.
Got a Buddha.
I was in Indonesia.
You've just been all over,
haven't you?
I sure have, yeah.
Geez.
Yeah, you know,
I've been to like,
Tampa and St. Pete and...
(both laughing)
Nah, I'm just...
(Cara)
I have a game for you.
(Garrett)
What's the game?
If I were a genie,
what three wishes
would you have,
and they can't be
a thousand more wishes?
All right, one, a jet ski,
I guess, that'd be fun.
Okay.
Um, two, to have a...
an apartment/house
in California.
I think that'd be sick.
Yeah.
And three,
we go on another date.
Oh, wow.
How bold of you.
♪♪
(doorbell rings)
(Juliette)
Chloe dug herself into a hole
with our entire friend group.
The only reason she's
running to Alex
is to dig herself out.
Hello, old friend.
What's going on?
Nothin',
what're you doing?
Uh, just got my syllabus
for term three.
I can't wait to get my grades,
I'm kinda nervous.
But I'll be fine.
How've you been?
I mean, I just never thought
I was gonna be on the outs
with so many people
in this group.
You know? These are all
my best friends since
I was like 13,
14 years old.
Here's the thing.
Juliette is softer than me
and takes things
more personally.
And she's pissed about Cara,
that I know for sure.
Well, I'm pissed at Juliette
for everything she's done to me.
Totally unprovoked, though,
Juliette told me that
you two talked at BG's,
and she said you were
completely standoff-ish
towards her.
She was totally like,
"I've done nothing to you."
And obviously,
if Juliette's not gonna
own up to any of it,
then I'm not gonna own up
to any of it.
♪♪
Why is Cara around?
Why do you bri--
'Cause she's my friend.
So why the hell
would I be like,
well, I'm not gonna
bring around somebody
that I like because
I'm afraid it's gonna
hurt Juliette's feelings?
Juliette clearly doesn't
care about mine.
Whatever.
And you apparently
decided to go
and tell Juliette
about how I used to be
"in love with you."
♪♪
I just am feeling
really betrayed that
you would bring up
some sensitive subject.
You know how much it took
in me to like, come to that.
So I just don't even know
why you would like,
use this against me.
Listen, I'm not over here
trying to like, hurt you.
I'm just trying to diffuse
the situation with Juliette.
It's the only thing
I could come up with
to explain to Juliette like,
you bringing Cara around.
If I was still
in love with you,
why would I bring
the one girl that
I know that you actually
had real feelings for?
'Cause you know
it'd piss off Juliette,
and it sure has.
Yeah, because Juliette's
going around talking
(bleep) about me,
and Cara's my friend.
You guys need to start
by talking because
you can talk to me
all you want,
but Juliette's
more sensitive than me
and you know that.
There should be a way
that we could all
make this thing work,
but it just seems like
if you're not pissing her off,
you know, she's pissing you off.
So here's the bottom line:
I'm putting together
a trip to Miami for Juliette.
If you wanna go...
Well, obviously.
...you need to make it
right with Juliette.
If you don't,
then you can't come to Miami.
That's the way
it's gonna be.
So what's the deal
with you guys?
We're both like, single.
Does that mean you can go like,
hook up with whoever you want?
How's that distance thing
going for you?
♪ Here we come,
here we come... ♪
(Cara)
Oh my God, Garrett wanted
to do a photobooth picture,
which is like, so not me.
Oh my God. Oh my God.
Oh, no, it's so cute.
You're so adorable.
(Cara)
It's okay.
(Juliette)
Cara's trying to
weasel her way
into our friend group
any way she can.
First through Chloe,
now through Garrett.
(Canvas)
Did you guys talk about
your favorite animals
at the aquarium?
(Chloe)
Yeah like, what was
the conversation like?
Like, was it awkward?
It was like, a little
bit awkward at first.
'Cause like, we haven't
really spoken before.
Mm-hmm.
Like, not in depth anyways.
Did you talk about
your family a lot?
Like, does he know you
come from money and stuff?
I think like,
he kind of gets it
just 'cause he was
saying how he like,
hasn't really left
Florida that much.
Yeah.
But like, he didn't
seem intimidated.
Like, I don't know. He's like,
very confident in himself.
I mean obviously like,
you are never gonna need
anybody to take care of you.
But that doesn't mean you don't
want somebody there, you know?
Yeah, I don't really like,
chase guys for their money
like Juliette does.
(all laughing)
Her and I had quite
the argument
at Brandon's birthday party.
What was this one about?
She's just telling me how I'm
a bad friend and everything.
And out of nowhere she goes,
"And let's not even talk about
the fact that you're
in love with Alex."
Wait, what?
When-- Like, how?
Where did this come from?
Like, why is she thinking
that all of a sudden?
Alex decided
that now's the time
to bring up something
that I told him
in confidence
a long time ago.
Oh, so this--
this is like a thing?
(Canvas)
This is like,
something
that came out
of your mouth,
not just like, something
from her imagination?
No, yeah.
And like, yes.
Obviously, Alex was
my best friend for years.
And ultimately,
I was like,
maybe I am developing
feelings for him.
You were at one point?
Wow.
So this happened
like, two years ago,
this whole situation?
Yeah, like,
a year and a half,
two years ago,
something like that.
Wait, so this is like,
long gone.
Yeah, but I just
am really shocked
'cause he kept it
to himself
for like,
a year and a half.
And like, that was
special to me because
he did care about me,
is how I viewed it.
It's like,
he didn't tell Paul.
Then like, for him to just
throw it in my face was--
like that was like,
just really shocking.
And I just--
to Juliette?
Like, out of everybody?
Are you kidding me?
Like, you're--
I don't know.
It's just confusing now,
and I just can't believe
he did it.
And now I view him
completely different.
I mean like, you can't even
be a good person
to somebody that was
so (bleep) loyal to you?
I was the most loyal
to anyone I've ever been
in my entire life
to that kid.
Like, how happy are you now
looking back that
you didn't get with him?
I don't know, you guys.
I just never thought
it was gonna come out.
♪♪
(Madisson)
I'm so nervous.
What if I fall?
Wait, guys, wait.
(laughing)
Guys, how do you turn around?
(Ben)
Should I come save you?
(Juliette)
Madisson likes Ben,
but come on.
No guy worth having is ever
gonna commit until you make him.
I'm so glad I can be on
this date with you guys.
(Juliette)
Too bad Madisson doesn't know
how to stand up for herself.
Oh my God.
Did you have fun last night?
Yeah, it was fun.
It was like--
it was really fun like,
getting to see
everybody again.
They're all in such
different situations now.
I know.
Like, even you, Kelsey.
Yeah.
So what's the deal
with you guys?
Wh-- what's like,
what do you want me--
What are you guys?
Uh, I don't know.
We're both like, single.
So if you're single like,
does that mean you can go
like, hook up with
whoever you want?
Kelsey! You're killing me
with the questions.
If you're single,
that's usually what it means.
Yeah...
♪♪
I think we're still
figuring it out.
I'm doing the distance,
and I know how hard it is.
And I think...
(Ben)
Yeah.
...you guys both have
to be in the same mindset.
If you guys aren't there yet,
then you shouldn't
jump into it.
How's...
Because it's tough.
How's that distance thing
going for you?
I don't know,
Kelsey and Jacob
can be like,
our "inspo".
♪ Why can't you look me in
the eye, eye, eye ♪
♪♪
I just wanna make sure
that you're not gonna hurt her
and that you guys have
both an understanding.
♪ Know you were
only pretending ♪
Yeah.
The ultimate like,
goal is for us
to just be like, happy
with whatever's going on.
I think she understands that.
♪ So easy for you ♪
♪ Was it? Was it all
wasted time? ♪
♪ Was it, was it,
was it all wasted? ♪
You are being
a brat right now.
You wanna walk through
the things I've done
for you today?
She can't name one thing.
You're an idiot.
(piano playing)
(Alana vocalizing)
(vocalizing continues)
Whoo!
(both chuckling)
Nice piano skills.
You like that?
Yeah.
That's a little something
I learned back in the day.
Back in the day?
Yep.
(cell phone dings, vibrates)
Oh, damn.
That's E.J.
This is the final master
for the song.
Seriously?
Yeah, no, legit.
Oh, play that right now.
Hold on, hold on, hold on.
Let's hear what
it sounds like.
You ready?
Mm-hmm.
(song playing)
Oh, that's nice.
Just waiting for it.
This beat is so good.
♪ It's like, it's like-- ♪♪
(cell phone ringing)
Oh, damn.
That's my babe.
What's up, baby?
Hey, what's up?
What're you up to?
Just at the house right now
with Alana like,
we're just collabin',
making a song.
I can't wait for you
to hear the song.
You're gonna love it,
he sounds absolutely amazing.
So does she, for real.
Can I talk to you
in private real quick?
Or are you too busy?
No, no, I'm fine.
I ca-- I can talk to you.
Just give me one second,
all right?
I'll be right back.
Okay.
So what's up, baby?
What's going on?
Um, I mean, you didn't tell me
that she was over.
We were texting all day.
I mean, it's kinda shady.
What if I was like,
"Oh, I'm just hanging out
"with this dude right here.
"We're just,
you know, like..."
It's not like
I'm here with like,
just with some girl,
hanging out, like--
Pretty shady to like,
not tell me.
I feel uncomfortable.
(Brandon)
Why are you uncomfortable?
I feel that you have a past
that will stay with you,
honestly, so like...
What do you mean I got
a past that'll stay with me?
That's completely irrelevant.
Like, it's comple--
I mean, not really.
You're with a girl
at your house.
A'ight, but you're thinking
the worst right now.
You're thinking like,
I'm here at my house
with some random girl
that I just called over--
That's how it looks
right now.
I just gotta get back
to music honestly like,
you're coming at me
like, super mad.
All right, whatever, goodbye.
All right.
♪ Oh, wherever you go ♪
♪ You know
I will follow you... ♪
(Juliette)
The fact that we all
hang out together
all the time means every night
can be a chance to fight
or to make things right.
I'm never really sure what kind
of night it's gonna be.
♪♪
Are you hitting
the dance floor?
Yeah.
♪ Some come on, ride with me ♪
♪ Ride with me ♪
♪ See where
this thing goes... ♪
Is she on the dance floor
with Jared right now?
♪ But if it's meant to be,
it'll be... ♪
(Alex)
If I was her boyfriend,
I'd be like (bleep) out.
(Pauly)
She's doing exactly
what she did to Garrett
to her new boyfriend.
I mean, that's the (bleep)
that she pulls, so...
she doesn't know
what the (bleep) she wants.
♪ It'll be ♪
♪ It'll be, baby,
if it's meant to be ♪
♪♪
Hi. Told you I'd come.
Hi. Is there any chance
that you would talk to me
really quick in private?
Yeah.
Yeah?
♪♪
You wanna walk through
the things I've done
for you today?
You need to stop
pinning nice things
you do for me on me
like I owe you.
Literally, like,
I do everything for you.
(crying)
That's not fair.
♪♪
I don't know
if Alex told you,
but I went over to his house
and talked to him.
Ever since you
brought up that whole
"you're in love with Alex"
comment, I think was like,
really caught off guard.
I denied it right away.
But like, I wanna come clean.
I'm being an adult
and admitting it to you.
He was my best friend,
we hung out every day.
And out of nowhere,
I started to feel jealous
over the girls
he was hooking up with
which was, obviously,
not something I was used to.
So, yeah, it's true.
So are you in love
with Alex now?
No, no, not at all.
And it was like,
over a year and a half ago.
We were in a completely
different space
than we are now
and I just want you to know
that like, I respect you,
and I respect your
relationship with Alex.
But I was hurt and upset
by the things you did,
and I retaliated.
Alex has been with
a lot of girls,
but there's a few girls that
I still don't feel
comfortable with.
I know Cara was the button
I could press.
She's--
That's why I pressed it.
♪♪
I have no idea whether
I'm welcome to come
to Miami or not,
it's pretty much up to you.
But I just want you to know
I would never invite her.
I would never
bring her to that.
Like, I wanna come with
my friends and have a good time
and like, hopefully like,
we can hit like,
a refresh button.
I really am sorry for it,
and I just miss my friends.
♪♪
I just wanna hang out
with you guys again.
♪ I was on my own ♪
♪ So far from home ♪
Aww...
♪ And when I lost it all ♪
♪ And I needed a friend... ♪
It's okay.
Love you too.
We needed to clear
everything out.
Yes, all right.
So can I come to Miami?
Yes.
♪ I still got
all of my friends ♪♪
♪♪
♪ We are young
and we're taking over ♪
♪ Oh-oh-oh... ♪
Like, she's genuinely sorry.
Good.
♪ Oh-oh-oh,
it feels good... ♪
So what're you doing
after this?
I don't know.
We could go to the beach.
Again?
Oh my God.
♪ Yeah, we're comin', feels good
when you know you're... ♪
Can we do Red Bulls?
(bartender)
Sure.
Oh my God,
you have it so good.
I'm gonna order a pizza,
too, honestly.
You literally
have it so good.
♪♪
You are being a brat
right now.
You wanna walk through
the things I've done
for you today?
Want me to start
from the morning?
Alex, you need to stop
pinning nice things you do
for me on me like I owe you.
Literally, like,
I do everything for you.
(crying)
That's not fair.
I can't do anything
about that, Juliette.
What do you-- why do you
want to do this right now?
♪♪
You are being
a brat right now.
You wanna walk through
the things I've done
for you today?
Got you your Starbucks
and your, uh,
bag of bagels
and then went and filled
your whole gas tank up.
Alex, you need to stop
pinning nice things you do
for me on me like I owe you.
Literally, like,
I do everything for you.
♪♪
(Juliette)
We're in a relationship.
Like, why do you
have to start
tallying the nice things
you do for me?
(Pauly)
What do you do
that's nice for him?
Nothing.
I drive every (bleep) weekend
to see you.
That you do.
What do you want?
Alex, you don't need
to make her feel like
"I do everything for you,
you're a bad girlfriend."
I don't wanna talk if you
have that whole like...
He just never notices
anything I do for him.
And then he tallies--
What do you do?
Tell us so we know.
All we ever do are
with his stuff.
It's Alex, Paul.
You use all his (bleep) stuff,
so how is that different for me?
What do you ever do for him?
Is she already crying?
She's pissed.
Yeah, she's pissed.
You want me to talk?
She won't listen to reason.
I mean, she's like,
"I do all this for Alex"
but she can't name one thing.
Dumbass.
♪♪
You're an idiot.
Do you not see
how rude that is?
Like, you love me.
Why would you say that?
♪ You treat me like
a stranger ♪
♪ I'm hangin' from the wire ♪
♪ You throw me
to the fire ♪
You wanna go out there?
♪ But I don't feel
the danger ♪
♪ Until the flames get higher ♪
♪ You burned up
my desire... ♪
Her and Chloe making up was
just another problem for you.
I'm happy with Juliette,
but this type of (bleep)
really gets under my skin...
That's why maybe you
should just be single.
If you break up with her,
it would be better than
it becoming to the point
where you go cheat on her.
I mean, you're known
for doing that.
♪♪
♪ Stranger ♪
♪ You treat me like
a stranger ♪
♪ A stranger ♪
♪ A stranger ♪♪